docs: compatible with vue@2.7 (#1541)
posva/pinia: packages/docs/core-concepts/plugins.md

Note that state changes or additions that occur within a plugin (that includes calling `store.$patch()`) happen before the store is active and therefore **do not trigger any subscriptions**.

:::warning

> If you are using **Vue 2 <= 2.6.x**, Pinia is subject to the [same reactivity caveats](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/reactivity.html#Change-Detection-Caveats) as Vue. You will need to use `set` from `@vue/composition-api` when creating new state properties like `secret` and `hasError`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using **Vue 2**, Pinia is subject to the [same reactivity caveats](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/reactivity.html#Change-Detection-Caveats) as Vue. You will need to use `Vue.set()` (Vue 2.7) or `set()` (from `@vue/composition-api` for Vue <2.7) for when creating new state properties like `secret` and `hasError`:
```
